[insects chirping]
[bell ringing]
[crowd cheering]
-Beautiful!
-Congratulations.
Congratulations!
-[chatter continues]
-Congratulations.
[bride gasps]
[laughs]
[Lily] Hey…
was it really necessary
for us to be called out here, too?
[Eric] He's one of the people
who's been the most devoted
to the recovery of this country
after the war.
While in parliament,
he established the Treaty of Venice
and implemented the EG Alliance.
And since his retirement,
he's been active
as one of the consultants
to the current king…
a staunch nonradical,
and the most reliable individual
this side of the Royal Palace.
It's just complicated, okay?
-[Eric sighs]
-[typing]
Huh?
[Kaela]In other words,
quit your bitchin', rookie!
[Lily]Huh?!
That is how a certain bespectacled
grumpus feels at the moment…
[sighs]
-on the inside.
-Hey.
To be honest, I don't know if I'm really
cut out for stuff like this.
[Boris] Ah, stop complaining, will you?
A job's a job.
But you said standing work
was crap, too, Boris.
Well, I'm at a point
where I can say what I want.
You're full of it!
More importantly,
that four-eyed beard-man is AWOL
while we're slogging away.
[Brandon] Come to think of it,
I haven't seen him lately.
I wonder where he's been.
He's busy out investigating
a different case solo.
[Eric grunts]
What is this different case?
Different.
You have no idea, do you?
Hmph.
Well, guess it doesn't matter.
[Kaela]Professor Genie
is currently acting on his own
without permission, everyone.
I'd like to ask the members
who are actually here
to finish their duties promptly.
[Boris]That's our Genie for you.
He never changes.
[Brandon]
Still, I'm curious where he went.
[Lily]Jeez, so no one knows?
You guys want to shut your traps already?
[gasps]
[guest chatter continues]
[grunts]
[Mario] What's that up in the sky?!
[guests screaming]
-[gasps]
-Let's go!
Just who the hell are you?!
[gasps]
[gasps] What is that?
Head down!
[gasps] It can't be.
[gunfire]
[gasps]
[woman vocalizing]
[grunting]
[Brandon yelps]
[groans] You all right, Mr. Zachary?
-Yes.
-[gasps]
[vocalizing continues]
Freeze!
[gasps]
[Zachary] Please, wait!
Somebody help me!
[gasps]
[wincing]
[panting]
[screaming]
[theme music playing]
[woman vocalizing]
TWO DAYS EARLIER
[Kuko] How's school?
[Yuna] I'm really liking it.
How about you? Enjoying your repair job?
-Mm-hmm.
-[siren blaring]
Though I wouldn't call it
a fun time or anything.
But it's worth doing, isn't it?
[chuckles] In a way.
[laughs]
Well, I'm heading off now!
-[girl] Hey, Yuna! Mornin'!
-[Yuna] Morning!
[girl 2] If you did your homework
last night, I'd love to see it! Can I?
[Yuna] No can do.
You gotta do it yourself.
[girl 1] Ooh! She sure told you.
Oh, crap, oh, crap, oh, crap! I'm so late!
[pants] Why's this always happen?!
Good morning, Lily.
-Morning! Sorry.
-I bought some buns. Would--
Can't talk! Running late!
Uh…
[car reversing]
Mom, I'm back! I forgot my I.D.!
[Mrs. Hoshina] You'd lose your head
if it wasn't attached to your shoulders.
ROYAL POLICE SEASIDE BRANCH
Good morning, everyone!
[sighs]
Still gone.
[Mario growls]
[murmurs]
Hmm? [grunting]
Kaela! Lunch is on me if you--
Ugh, no! You shouldn't even
be doing that much, moron.
[Mario growls]
[scoffs]
-Damn it.
-Where's Keith?
[Mario] Ah, shouldn't you
be writing an apology letter
for your tardiness or something?
Huh? But I'm on time.
Grunts arrive five minutes early, idiot.
[Lily growls]
[frantic typing]
[Mario screams] What's your damage?!
I was over halfway done with my work, too!
-You seen Keith?
-[Mario groans]
Not around here.
[Eric gasps]
[rain pattering]
-Koku.
-Yes?
Could you go and get me
some cocobolo from the storage room?
-There should be some extra.
-On it.
-[Kirisame] Koku.
-[gasps]
But how?
I told you that we'd
see each other soon, Koku.
Kirisame, it's you.
After all my searching,
I've found you, Koku.
No, Killer B.
[gasps]
[Koku] You survived.
Of course. You saved me, right?
[gasps]
Then what about all the others?
Eh?
[grunts]
[gasps]
-What'd he tell you?
-Eh?
[Kirisame] Dr. Kazama.
[Koku] As he was dying, he told me
if I could exchange a part of my body,
I'd be able to save my friends
and, by saving them, I'd become stronger,
which would give me the strength needed
to protect them all the more.
He said that was my power, my mission.
[Kirisame] Then he handed you the note
telling you which part to exchange.
Yeah, but nobody woke up!
[Kirisame] Way back then, it'd take
over a week to restore the adhesion.
Even minding the resonance phenomena,
had you stuck around,
I might have been able to wake up sooner.
[sighs]
Koku.
Aren't you aching to be back
with everyone again, like the old days?
If so, there's a national institute.
We're working there to make a new world.
Uh…
[sighs]
It's a future where we
can coexist with humans.
But to achieve that goal,
we must first eliminate
all those who are attached
to outdated technology,
like the Reggies, for example.
It's the new world,
but to create it,
destruction must precede it.
Koku, we need your blade and your power.
So let's do this together.
The national institute.
Fretting over the Gilbert Ross incident?
Don't misunderstand.
That wasn't the nation's will. It was a--
well, I guess
you could call it a project…
one to make wild runaways
destroy themselves.
Our obsolete friends
merely aided in Gilbert's suicide.
It's fighting fire with fire.
To stop a runaway, it's most effective
to let them burn themselves out.
But between you and Keith Flick,
you helped our aims beyond imagining.
What? Are you saying you used us?
Ultimately.
But you got Yuna back, right?
[gasps]
[thunder rumbling]
Sorry.
To know that everybody is still alive
means the world to me.
I'm thrilled, really.
But my fighting days are behind me.
Take the blade, because I can't help you.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Koku…
do you believe we were born
solely of Dr. Kazama's will?
Huh?
What if the good doctor
was led by the Black Winged King, huh?
[Koku] What?
No one has the ability
to run from their fate, Koku.
Not you, nor us.
Kirisame.
So that's Koku, huh, Yukikaze?
You're not to take your eyes off him.
Copy his every move, okay?
Even the ordinary ones? Why?
Soon the meaning will be revealed.
But I don't get it.
I should just kill him now.
No, you can't, not how you are.
[groans]
-Asagiri.
-Hmm?
If you misjudge that one's progress,
we'll lose our edge.
And in the process,
make a real devil out of him.
In every era, pride goes before the fall.
And you know failure
is something we cannot afford.
[overlapping chatter]
Uh-huh. That's what he said!
[both giggle]
-See you later!
-'Kay!
-Catch you later!
-We'll see you!
Huh?
[engine revs]
-[sirens blaring]
-Get back!
[automatic weapon fires]
[gunman] We were promised ampoule!
Where is it?
[gunman] Damn it!
Any relevant demands?
-No, not really.
-Damn it! Damn it!
-They're just shooting at random.
-Shit!
[yelling]
-Guess we're beyond diplomacy.
-[gunfire continues]
How's the assault team?
It'll take them another five minutes.
[Keith] Desire for recognition.
-What?!
-[gunman yells]
[yelling]
I'm a dead man!
Hurry up, and hand it over!
I see. He's seeking our assistance.
Curious. Huh?
Just what do you think you're doing here?
I'm a detective like you are.
Right. Shove off!
-Uh-oh.
-[both gasp]
[crowd screaming]
Aw, jeez.
[sirens approaching]
[music playing]
Well, now, who had a shootout with who?
Nice to meet you, Keith Kazama.
[street chatter]
[car engine slows]
-Hey!
-Eh?
Lily!
Huh?
I saw this pretty young girl
out and about,
and I thought I'd pick her up.
-Yeah I'm being picked up.
-[both laugh]
Uh…
Weird crimes have been on the rise lately,
making it dangerous out here,
so insanely pretty girls like you, Yuna…
Is something wrong?
-No, it's nothing.
-Well, now I know there's something wrong.
…try to attack you and Koku,
they'd be beaten at their own game.
So you were alive after all.
You know who I am, then.
[sighs] You're Kirisame.
The recent increase in Reggie deaths
over the past couple of days,
that your guys' doing?
We have instructions
to dispose of all the Reggies
in order to restructure the organization.
From where?
It's need-to-know. I get you.
Troublesome as ever.
Well, what can I do for you?
If you came all the way here,
I take it I'm still worth using.
You're quite an interesting man.
Yeah, I get that more than you'd think.
[yawns]
I really appreciate all of your hard work.
Thanks for that assist.
[gasps]
How astute. It's true that the one
who's been leaving signs
only you could decipher was me.
I can't think of anyone else
who could have made
a sign that intricate
since Gilbert was at his end.
I must say it was an exceptionally
good piece of work, Kirisame.
I've wanted to ask you this
for some time now, Keith Kazama.
Why do you always show up,
even when you know you're walking
straight into a trap?
You could call it curiosity.
Those who kill God will become devils,
whereas devil killers become kings.
What do you think?
Am I the one being fooled by the stone,
or is it you guys?
Personally, I think killing you
would be most regrettable, simply a waste.
[Keith] But you will.
Who knows? Will I?
Oh, but then I left in a rush
and realized I wasn't wearing pants.
So I drove back, hurried inside,
and woke up on my bed.
-Of course I refused him.
-I thought, "A dream?"
-The two of us are total strangers now.
-I was running late for real!
And are you okay with that?
…was in such a daze I nearly left
-without my pants IRL.
-Just be careful, Koku.
Yeah, back at you.
Well? Isn't that funny?
[both] Uh…
Huh? Are you even listening?
I wasn't listening to a single word.
Huh?!
[cell phone chimes]
-[gasps]
-Huh?
[Lily] When'd you get a phone?
I thought you were against carrying one.
A lot's happened since then.
Hey, let's swap LINEs.
-[Koku] Would you mind watching the road?
-It's fine.
-I've got eyes in the back of my--
-Oh, Lily, watch out!
-Lily!
-[yelling]
[Kirisame] There's no food or water here.
The time of your death is yours to choose.
[Keith] You say that so casually.
In hope that you take my meaning
for the very real threat it is.
I should warn you,
he's not gonna make a move for my sake.
[laughs]
I believe I've finally found
something you don't fully comprehend.
To Koku, you're Canopus, an existence
more important than even Yuna.
There's no way he won't make a move.
The mechanism of love
is a foreign concept to you, it seems.
[cell phone buzzing]
Excuse me.
[cell phone beeps]
[blades clang]
[gasps]
[groaning]
[blades clang]
[yelps]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[clapping]
-[running footsteps]
-[clapping continues]
Wow, what a great performance.
You're better than the rumors.
Tough to believe
you're really the same Koku.
What's up? It's been a while.
Kazhan.
Yukikaze.
Aw, you remember me. How touching.
Where's Keith?
Oh, I took him to a special place
to get a bit of needed rest.
It's a great spot,
close to the ocean, too.
If he had wings, it'd be a paradise.
Just what do you guys want from me?
I want your help on a job.
A job?
Not happening.
Are you saying you don't care
what happens to Keith Flick?
Leave me out of your sick game!
I get you, but if he happens to die,
then I'll just have to make Yuna
my next target.
[gasps]
If you lay a hand on her--
-That's up to you, friend.
-[gasps]
Don't mock me!
If you don't accept my offer,
I'll kill Canopus.
Though he's gonna kick the bucket
in four days anyway.
Yuna will be next,
followed by Lily Hoshina
and everyone you've ever known.
They'll all die,
wiped out like they were never here.
[gasping]
[Yukikaze] Koku.
To put it simply,
I'm going to have you kill God.
[singing in Japanese]